Description:
	This Perl script downloads the URL for the current comic of various strips
that are available online, and outputs these URLs to an HTML file. This enables
you to view all of your favorite strips at once, instead of visiting a dozen
different websites.
	One feature that sets this program apart from the rest is the ability to
operate in 'local' mode. This mode, instead of writing the addresses to images
in the HTML file, actually downloads the image and saves it locally. This way,
you do not have to wait for each image to download - it's already on your hard
drive. This is most useful when dailystrips.pl is run from a cron script. (See
file README.LOCAL for more information and examples)

Requirements:
	dailystrips.pl requires a reasonably current version of Perl - it was
developed with 5.005_03. The HTTP::Request, LWP::UserAgent, and POSIX modules
are needed. If you want to use --date, you will need Date::Time from the
TimeDate package. See www.cpan.org if you don't have them installed already.
dailystrips.pl was developed on Linux but should be able to run on any *nix
with that has the necessary Perl modules installed.

Installation:
	dailystrips.pl can be copied to whichever directory suits you.
	
Usage:
	'./dailystrips.pl [stripname(s)]' will print to STDOUT an HTML page with image
links to the latest strip. These links are to the strip's webserver.
dailystrips.pl --help lists all available options. --list shows the available
strips and groups. Strip names can specified as listed. Groups must be
preceeded with an '@' symbol.

Adding new strips:
	The strips.defs file should be relatively self-explanatory. (see README.DEFS
for detailed information). If you are adding several strips from the same site
that share a common format, please create a class for that site. In addition,
please try to pick a method of determining the most current URL possible (i.e.
don't search if it's possible to predict - we don't want to get old strips if
running early in the morning and a site hasn't updated the static page yet)
Also, when you add a new strip, I'd appreciate it if you could email the
defintion to me at amedico@amedico.dhs.org so I can add it to the distribution.

Personal definition file:
	Users may create a file called ".dailystrips.defs" in their home
directory. Syntax is exactly the same as the main strips.defs file. Personal
files will be processed after the main file. This means that classes set in the
main file are available for use in users' files. Also note that any entries
(classes, strips, and groups) in users' files with the same name as entries in
the main will take precedence. Personal definition files can be ignored with
the '--no_personal' option.

*Notice*:
	Keep in mind that this program is for personal use only, as making
the output publicly available on the internet constitutes copyright infringement
without permission from the strips' authors. If you're running it on a
personal webserver that can be accessed fron the internet (even if it's not
specifically public), make sure you set up IP restrictions so that only you have
access to it - some publishers (specifically, Thin H Line) seem to be checking
their webserver logs for dailystrips users and will come after you in a rather
nasty fashion if it even looks like you're using dailystrips to make a public
website.

Copyright info:
	This program copyright (C) 2001 Andrew Medico <amedico@amedico.dhs.org>.
All rights reserved.  This program is free software; you may redistribute it
and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU GPL, Version 2.